[Music]
I think I'm gonna do some stretching
because as I said in my night routine I
posted recently it is really meditative
for me and I'm looking for something
which is gonna be meditated so this
morning I was so ready to make a mug
cake that was my plan I was gonna wake
up make a little cake for myself in a
mug and then have that for breakfast I
get a little banana bread I genuinely
don't think I can stomach it mmm I
didn't even think I can stomach a banana
I didn't even know what's 1/2 because
I've just got I've got a tummy ache now
so it's really sad I've got butterflies
nothing seems I peeling at the moment so
I might get myself some tea probably
falls down a banana that's probably the
best thing it's annoying that because I
was really really looking forward to
making a cake but what can you do this
time in 3 hours my exam will be finished
which is quite nice for you because I am
a little bit stressed I'm just going
these flashcards and going through this
which is basically my list of the bits
that I was finding trickier that steerer
cool I like to have it all on one sheet
and I'm right before the exam this is
what I read through but I'm just going
through these morality flashcards first
these are the ones I found hardest I
just feel like I don't know it I may be
mistaken
[Music]
[Applause]
I am having perhaps the least exciting
breakfast ever them why she had this
yesterday and I really liked it though
um like porridge but without heating it
so it's like cereal it's just boats and
you eat them raw but I didn't feel like
I could have porridge but this feels
like it would be okay okay we went
through some si pans and I wrote just
one up only one just because it's good
practice just to get yourself into the
mindset of like being synoptic as
opposed to just sucking at the knowledge
so got that done this is literally one
of most stressful exam warnings of Earth
it's not a nice feeling just gone 10 to
19 and I need to be there at 9:30 you
say I'm gonna head over it may be five
past nine and I think I'm just gonna sit
down I read this beautiful book for a
couple of minutes because I do find
Harry Potter very calming and it's my
birthday so little birthday treat these
are the Illustrated editions by Jim Kay
and they released while they were
releasing one every year but this one
they've got to fire is taken two years
but that incredible look oh just that
they're just so good I definitely
recommend getting one if you all try to
find one like finding one to look at if
you haven't already because they are
incredible okay I'm heading now to the
exam it's three minutes past 9:00
either half or 9:30 well they usually
let us in a good pass and say I'm a good
time I'll be there in time and on the
way I like to listen okay say I've just
come out of my exam and now it's I think
it's around 11:40 and my dad is coming
to pick me up so we're going to see the
long drive back home because this
evening I've got my grandparents coming
around for dinner and it still hasn't
really occurred to me that it's my
birthday
like who's just sitting in the exam and
I handed in my paper nails like
wave-based a second it's actually my bad
thing it just doesn't really feel like
go which is strange but an odd feeling
because I keep on forgetting and I don't
usually forgot my birthday if you're
wondering the exam went ok I didn't
think I liked one of the questions for
my favourite topic and then it turned
out when I try planning it there was
actually really really a good question
so I ended up planning for three
questions which meant that my timing was
a bit off but that's okay I feel like it
went fine and I haven't checked social
media today so I'm going to think I'm
just going to check on the way back
because I might pay something on
Instagram okay my dad's running a tiny
bit late so he's not gonna be here for
another 40 minutes but that's fine
because there is stuff I should get done
so um I just had a lovely lovely lovely
catch up with my friend Madison who I
hadn't actually seen since coming back
from Easter holidays so that was so
lovely and now my dad isn't here so I'm
assuming he's running late and I'm just
looking on Instagram for the first time
and everyone's I'm just so lovely like
I'm feeling so emotional and so grateful
thank you ever over being say Klein I'm
just replying to the messages now I'll
say hi thoughts replies to my friend
[Music]
we're going to get some party food
because you've got a long drive ahead of
us so but we've decided to stock up with
them and us we're gonna go out for lunch
but then I thought no you know what
Eminescu we're in the car on the way
back next her dad's just filling up the
petrol and we've got a nice little or
not a little bit but a huge haul of food
from Emma Nats currently snacking on
these crisps which are really tasty and
I got this drink I actually probably I
really was shocked to find that this was
vegan but if you look suitable for
vegetarians and vegans I'm gonna give
you a very short food hallway let me get
food hall so then we got these carrot
bites don't that me to each one of these
vegetable samosas
wait I've got a sandwich and a wrap we
got these like fake hula hoops I got
some coconut and put a pot of hermas
like we've got so much food oh I like
some mango I'm happy and also I've got 8
which I did bring the kids I made some
homemade hummus and it's really tasty
soon I didn't want to put it to waste
[Music]
we're finally back it took such a long
time and my sister's filming for video
and I'm like an hour
[Music]
okay so just finished up filming with
Martha I was planning a nurse but I wore
a doctor's coat so I think I should be a
doctor instead they never say the word
nurse so perhaps I am a doctor pretty
sure they um Philip field actress it's
also looking very messy
no I literally got back in the first
thing I did with wetness tears just
smashed a bottle against the door fair
film exciting stuff happen over at our
household I've got to tell you I've
decided to come outside because so I
really want to make it feel like my
birthday but it really just doesn't feel
like it
so I'm gonna put on some nice music and
I'm going to go on the trampoline
because I love going on the trampoline
literally this is one of my favorite
songs
[Music]